hey January 19 2011 team cave here we're
doing some grilled oh me and this video
is not is much about the food as you can
see I'm doing burgers with a habanero on
top and I just got to marinate it a
little bit more char soy sauce and a
little heat and onion powder garlic
that's about it I like to grill them
with a habanero and then heat it too so
it's nice I just toss a little zucchini
in olive oil puts the Cajun seasoning on
it threw them in there put those in
there for about 10 minutes at the end
anyway this is more about lighting the
grill than the food so I wanted to show
what I'm cooking real quick and then
we're going to go to the grill and show
you the remaining coals and then how I'm
using this device about from the grill
down to light this puppy because it is
fantastic so yeah alright we're back and
I've got a couple things to show you the
rapid light by the grill dome and it is
a pretty cool device anyway I've got to
have my time here to show you how fast
this thing gets up to temperature it is
really quick so we'll set that aside
there are my grill thingies and there's
the rapid light so this is a to give you
an idea how big it is there's my hand
and it's concave a little bit so it fits
in there nicely and it'll sit right on
it perfectly so we're just going to
leave it like that close the lid and get
it up the temperature so anyway I want
to show you the I did some food the
other night I'm just a little
a little bit the ashes down there that's
work we're just doing burgers so I knew
I'm gonna place this to the side here
maybe you can see it get this right
break the camera this set sorry guys
here we go I'm just gonna place this
under the coals and get a good burn and
here we go that was pretty easy just
like that you see so now I'm gonna plug
it in and we'll start the stopwatch
right now this is a fresh go here we re
this thing was I think thirty dollars
and my first purchase I had like ten
dollars off anyway I got to show you how
badass this thing is this thing is
already at God if you can't see it you
can't really see it it's already at a
hundred that's a zero it's already at a
hundred and we're only three men minutes
in 320 and that was I even lost 20
seconds so anyway this thing is really
cool and you see smoke coming out there
here in a second we'll be back all right
here's an update you can see the smoke
piling out of there already and world -
what do we at 150 and we're at 450 so
we're almost there we're done we're at
300 now we're 250 sorry and it's been
seven minutes in 30 seconds so what
you'll see here is this fire is pumping
so take this thing off something is
going
that had happened before there we go so
she's hot I mean we're good to go
there we go close her down that's it
we're gonna cook some food see you later
bye